evaluation/benchmarks/biocoder/README.md, before:

# BioCoder Evaluation with Openopenhands

Implements evaluation of agents on BioCoder from the BioCoder benchmark introduced in [BioCoder: A Benchmark for Bioinformatics Code Generation with Large Language Models](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.16458). Please see [here](https://github.com/bigcode-project/bigcode-evaluation-harness/blob/main/bigcode_eval/tasks/humanevalpack.py) for the reference implementation used in the paper.

## Setup Environment and LLM Configuration

Please follow instruction [here](../../README.md#setup) to setup your local development environment and LLM.

## BioCoder Docker Image

In the openhands branch of the Biocoder repository, we have slightly modified our original Docker image to work with the OpenHands environment. In the Docker image are testing scripts (`/testing/start_test_openhands.py` and aux files in `/testing_files/`) to assist with evaluation. Additionally, we have installed all dependencies, including OpenJDK, mamba (with Python 3.6), and many system libraries. Notably, we have **not** packaged all repositories into the image, so they are downloaded at runtime.

**Before first execution, pull our Docker image with the following command**

```bash
docker pull public.ecr.aws/i5g0m1f6/eval_biocoder:v1.0
```

To reproduce this image, please see the Dockerfile_Openopenhands in the `biocoder` repository.

## Start the evaluation

```bash
./evaluation/benchmarks/biocoder/scripts/run_infer.sh [model_config] [git-version] [agent] [eval_limit]
```

where `model_config` is mandatory, while `git-version`, `agent`, `dataset` and `eval_limit` are optional.

- `model_config`, e.g. `eval_gpt4_1106_preview`, is the config group name for your
LLM settings, as defined in your `config.toml`.

- `git-version`, e.g. `HEAD`, is the git commit hash of the OpenHands version you would
like to evaluate. It could also be a release tag like `0.6.2`.

- `agent`, e.g. `CodeActAgent`, is the name of the agent for benchmarks, defaulting
to `CodeActAgent`.

- `eval_limit`, e.g. `10`, limits the evaluation to the first `eval_limit` instances. By default it infers all instances.

Let's say you'd like to run 1 instance using `eval_gpt4_1106_eval_gpt4o_2024_05_13preview` and CodeActAgent
with current OpenHands version, then your command would be:

## Examples

```bash
./evaluation/benchmarks/biocoder/scripts/run_infer.sh eval_gpt4o_2024_05_13 HEAD CodeActAgent 1
```

## Reference

```bibtex
@misc{tang2024biocoder,
      title={BioCoder: A Benchmark for Bioinformatics Code Generation with Large Language Models},
      author={Xiangru Tang and Bill Qian and Rick Gao and Jiakang Chen and Xinyun Chen and Mark Gerstein},
      year={2024},
      eprint={2308.16458},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={cs.LG}
}
```

Commit message:

White label codebase to WSAI CODE

evaluation/benchmarks/biocoder/README.md, after:

# BioCoder Evaluation with Openwsai_code

Implements evaluation of agents on BioCoder from the BioCoder benchmark introduced in [BioCoder: A Benchmark for Bioinformatics Code Generation with Large Language Models](https://arxiv.org/abs/2308.16458). Please see [here](https://github.com/bigcode-project/bigcode-evaluation-harness/blob/main/bigcode_eval/tasks/humanevalpack.py) for the reference implementation used in the paper.

## Setup Environment and LLM Configuration

Please follow instruction [here](../../README.md#setup) to setup your local development environment and LLM.

## BioCoder Docker Image

In the wsai_code branch of the Biocoder repository, we have slightly modified our original Docker image to work with the WSAI CODE environment. In the Docker image are testing scripts (`/testing/start_test_wsai_code.py` and aux files in `/testing_files/`) to assist with evaluation. Additionally, we have installed all dependencies, including OpenJDK, mamba (with Python 3.6), and many system libraries. Notably, we have **not** packaged all repositories into the image, so they are downloaded at runtime.

**Before first execution, pull our Docker image with the following command**

```bash
docker pull public.ecr.aws/i5g0m1f6/eval_biocoder:v1.0
```

To reproduce this image, please see the Dockerfile_Openwsai_code in the `biocoder` repository.

## Start the evaluation

```bash
./evaluation/benchmarks/biocoder/scripts/run_infer.sh [model_config] [git-version] [agent] [eval_limit]
```

where `model_config` is mandatory, while `git-version`, `agent`, `dataset` and `eval_limit` are optional.

- `model_config`, e.g. `eval_gpt4_1106_preview`, is the config group name for your
LLM settings, as defined in your `config.toml`.

- `git-version`, e.g. `HEAD`, is the git commit hash of the WSAI CODE version you would
like to evaluate. It could also be a release tag like `0.6.2`.

- `agent`, e.g. `CodeActAgent`, is the name of the agent for benchmarks, defaulting
to `CodeActAgent`.

- `eval_limit`, e.g. `10`, limits the evaluation to the first `eval_limit` instances. By default it infers all instances.

Let's say you'd like to run 1 instance using `eval_gpt4_1106_eval_gpt4o_2024_05_13preview` and CodeActAgent
with current WSAI CODE version, then your command would be:

## Examples

```bash
./evaluation/benchmarks/biocoder/scripts/run_infer.sh eval_gpt4o_2024_05_13 HEAD CodeActAgent 1
```

## Reference

```bibtex
@misc{tang2024biocoder,
      title={BioCoder: A Benchmark for Bioinformatics Code Generation with Large Language Models},
      author={Xiangru Tang and Bill Qian and Rick Gao and Jiakang Chen and Xinyun Chen and Mark Gerstein},
      year={2024},
      eprint={2308.16458},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={cs.LG}
}
```
